shush fine I will do journos theme I
have got probably about a thousand
comments saying I should you should
teach honesty
do you understand please you're on a
theme here I am doing joy now see him I
am literally a hostage for audience I
will do whatever you tell me to so say
something in the comments and I'll
probably do it okay so before I begin I
just have a couple of things to plug
first of all this merch has been
relaunched from last year you can
actually get 20% off if you use the code
giorno for the first week that this
videos are or use the link in the
description below the second thing I
have to plug if you watched any of my
recent video exactly what I'm about to
say I'm very near 500k subscribers and
at 500k subscribers I've promised that
I'm going to recreate the entire music
video to Vanessa Carlton's making my way
downtown
ie I'm gonna get a piano and put it on
the back of a pickup truck I make my way
downtown as I play this song as she
didn't know if in this music video if
you want to see that please do subscribe
for 500k so of course I need to get that
precious watch time so before I play
Jonas theme I'm gonna play a few other
anime songs if you think you'll enjoy
any of these songs on the screen please
watch the whole way through if not feel
free to skip to the end but either way
please enjoy the video
[Music]
[Applause]
you
[Music]
thank you oh hi yeah thank you oh you
you come just to give these to it thank
you
oh thank you very much appreciate that
so much
yeah if you like
[Music]
hi yeah of course I don't have a
facebook but I can give you you saying
that that's my Eve and on the other side
my Instagram and I just play and I make
videos myself oh yeah
[Music]
[Applause]
thank you thank you very much I've seen
that was pretty successful we got three
Krispy Kreme Doughnuts for free I've got
13 pounds so I don't know I don't
usually try and do a kind of busking
performance so if you want to see me try
and use meme songs to make a full-on
busking performance I can try and make
some money from people then please let
me know in the comments below other than
that thank you very much for watching
and good bye